fix: add transaction logging feature for Wallet Instance (#1040)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-solution-components.rst

.. note::
   Currently the re-issuance of the PID is not managed by the Backup and Restore Component.

Dashboard and Transaction Log
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This component MUST provide the Wallet Unit dashboard and transaction log functionality. In particular, this component MUST:

> - provide a user-facing dashboard interface enabling the User to access transaction transparency information;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- provide a user-accessible interface enabling the User to access transaction transparency information;
```

> - maintain a transaction log of transactions executed through the Wallet Unit, including non-completed transactions;

Reviewer: Wallet Instance?

Author: Yes, Its actually Instance, but it is called Wallet Unit in this section in line with ARF.
